July 2nd, 10:00AM, 12 days before the demo.
Bob, Andrew and Amira are on a conference call
for their weekly team meeting.
Andrew sounds irritated. “
Three back-to-back escalations,
so many issues with one of our
other projects called Project Sapphire,”
says Andrew, “I am tired of it.
Luckily, I have Donald
managing the situation for me.
He is doing a fantastic job,” he says in relief.
“Right, tell me some good news, Bob.
How are we moving along with Project Mercury?
I hope you have been able to
make some progress on your laptop."
"Well, Andrew, I have just started
looking into the design documents
and I'm trying to figure out
how to deploy it on my machine.
I've been helping out with
the issues for Project Sapphire."
Andrew stares at Bob for a few seconds
and then looks at Amira.
"That's not what I wanted to hear.
Donald told me that he handed you
the design documents last Wednesday.
You were supposed to migrate the
template code to your laptop this week."
"Well, he did not tell me," thinks Bob.
"In fact, he has told me nothing at all.
What template code is he talking about?"
Bob refrains from complaining.
"Amira, I want you to setup biweekly meetings
and sort this out," says Andrew.
"Understood. Do you also want me to send you
a daily report of the progress?" asks Amira.
"Yes, please," says Andrew.
“Let me know if there are any showstoppers.
It is crucial that we have everything
ready and working for phase one."
"Bob," he continues,
“It's great that you were helping out
with escalations,
but that's not your number one priority.
I want you to focus on Project Mercury.
Follow Donald's guidance and get the
application running on your laptop by Monday.
This will give us one week to test the
application and push it to the dev servers."
"Sure, Andrew, I will make sure
that it's completed on time."
July 3rd, 11:00AM, 11 days before the demo.
After researching through the numerous emails
from Donald related to Project Mercury,
Bob locates the instructions
to migrate some template Python scripts
from a Windows environment to Linux.
He would have to set up
a Django project on Linux,
which required him to copy several files
remotely and uncompress them.
He would also need to make modifications
to the configuration files
and update some parts of the code.
He decides to make use of
the quick-start guide again
to learn the commands for archiving,
extracting data and working
with text editors.